[beyondtrust_pra] Initial release of the BeyondTrust PRA (#13403)
elastic/integrations: packages/beyondtrust_pra/_dev/build/docs/README.md

# BeyondTrust PRA

> [BeyondTrust Priviledge Remote Access (PRA)](https://www.beyondtrust.com/products/privileged-remote-access) is a solution designed to securely manage and control remote access to critical systems for privileged users, such as administrators, IT personnel, and third-party vendors. PRA is part of our broader suite of Privileged Access Management (PAM) solutions. It provides real-time session monitoring, auditing, and recording, which helps you maintain compliance and detect any unauthorized or risky activities. By enforcing least-privilege access and supporting third-party vendor management, it reduces the attack surface and enhances overall security for remote operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[BeyondTrust Privileged Remote Access (PRA)](https://www.beyondtrust.com/products/privileged-remote-access) is a solution designed to securely manage and control remote access to critical systems for privileged users, such as administrators, IT personnel, and third-party vendors. PRA is part of our broader suite of Privileged Access Management (PAM) solutions. It provides real-time session monitoring, auditing, and recording, which helps you maintain compliance and detect any unauthorized or risky activities. By enforcing least-privilege access and supporting third-party vendor management, it reduces the attack surface and enhances overall security for remote operations.
```

## Compatibility

This integration is compatible with **BeyondTrust PRA 24.1.x** and has been tested against the **API Version 1.24.1** for REST API support.

## Data streams

This integration collects the following logs:

> - **[Access Session](https://docs.beyondtrust.com/pra/docs/reporting#accesssession)** - This method enables users to collect event logs occured during each AccessSession using the REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Access Session](https://docs.beyondtrust.com/pra/docs/reporting#accesssession)** - Enables users to collect event logs occurred during each AccessSession using the REST API.
```
